

# respondwith
`import "github.com/rhallora-heidelberg/handle/respondwith"`

* [Overview](#pkg-overview)
* [Index](#pkg-index)

## <a name="pkg-overview">Overview</a>
Package respondWith defines a few convenience functions for consumers of the handle package. Most are simple
syntactic sugar or mimic common functions from net/http. TemplateOrError and JSONOrError are provided as a model as
much as for use, as many use-cases would require more sophisticated error handling.




## <a name="pkg-index">Index</a>
* [func Bytes(status int, b []byte) handle.Response](#Bytes)
* [func Errorf(status int, message string, v ...interface{}) handle.Response](#Errorf)
* [func JSONOrError(obj interface{}) handle.Response](#JSONOrError)
* [func Redirect(r *http.Request, targetURL string, code int) handle.Response](#Redirect)
* [func StatusCode(status int) handle.Response](#StatusCode)
* [func Stringf(message string, v ...interface{}) handle.Response](#Stringf)
* [func TemplateOrError(t *template.Template, data interface{}) handle.Response](#TemplateOrError)


#### <a name="pkg-files">Package files</a>
[redirect.go](/src/github.com/rhallora-heidelberg/handle/respondwith/redirect.go) [respondwith.go](/src/github.com/rhallora-heidelberg/handle/respondwith/respondwith.go) 





## <a name="Bytes">func</a> [Bytes](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=1788:1836#L58)
``` go
func Bytes(status int, b []byte) handle.Response
```
Bytes produces a Response with the given status code and reads the byte input as the body. No added behavior, just
syntactic sugar.



## <a name="Errorf">func</a> [Errorf](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=608:681#L19)
``` go
func Errorf(status int, message string, v ...interface{}) handle.Response
```
Errorf produces a Response which mimics the behavior of http.Error in regards to header settings. It also allows
formatting directives.



## <a name="JSONOrError">func</a> [JSONOrError](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=2229:2278#L68)
``` go
func JSONOrError(obj interface{}) handle.Response
```
JSONOrError attempts to marshal the input as JSON. If successful, it produces a response with that JSON as the body,
status 200 OK, and sets the content type to application/json. Otherwise, it produces an error response with status
500 and the message "server failed to marshal JSON response".



## <a name="Redirect">func</a> [Redirect](/src/target/redirect.go?s=674:748#L26)
``` go
func Redirect(r *http.Request, targetURL string, code int) handle.Response
```
Redirect is almost identical to http.Redirect. From that package:

Redirect replies to the request with a redirect to url,
which may be a path relative to the request path.

The provided code should be in the 3xx range and is usually
StatusMovedPermanently, StatusFound or StatusSeeOther.

If the Content-Type header has not been set, Redirect sets it
to "text/html; charset=utf-8" and writes a small HTML body.
Setting the Content-Type header to any value, including nil,
disables that behavior.



## <a name="StatusCode">func</a> [StatusCode](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=1160:1203#L37)
``` go
func StatusCode(status int) handle.Response
```
StatusCode produces a Response with the given status code in the header and stringified status in the body.



## <a name="Stringf">func</a> [Stringf](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=1423:1485#L45)
``` go
func Stringf(message string, v ...interface{}) handle.Response
```
Stringf produces a Response with status 200 and the given string, with optional formatting directives.



## <a name="TemplateOrError">func</a> [TemplateOrError](/src/target/respondwith.go?s=3054:3130#L95)
``` go
func TemplateOrError(t *template.Template, data interface{}) handle.Response
```
TemplateOrError attempts to execute the given template. If successful, it produces a response with the result as the
body and status 200 OK. Otherwise, it produces an error response with status 500 and the message "server failed to
execute template".








- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)
